[MySQL] Optimize how to construct config table.include.list (#2274)
ververica/flink-cdc-connectors: docs/content/connectors/mysql-cdc.md

      <td>required</td>
      <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">(none)</td>
      <td>String</td>
      <td>

>          Table name of the MySQL database to monitor. The table-name also supports regular expressions to monitor multiple tables matches the regular expression.
>          Note: In the MySQL cdc connector, we will connect the `database-name`, the string '\\.' and `table-name` as the regular expressions to match
>          the fully-qualified table identifiers of tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Table name of the MySQL database to monitor. The table-name also supports regular expressions to monitor multiple tables that satisfy the regular expressions. Note: When the MySQL CDC connector regularly matches the table name, it will concat the database-name and table-name filled in by the user through the string `\\.` to form a full-path regular expression, and then use the regular expression to match the fully qualified name of the table in the MySQL database.
```
